make a wish
You go find out who is trying to figure me out
Mr. Li, you and Miss Ming have only met once
Why did you suddenly let me investigate this matter?
I always feel
That night at the clubhouse wasn't the first time I saw him
Pardon me?
Now investigate Mingwei's dismissal
Yes, Miss Song
Slow down.
A little.
You see your foot hurts
Omg, I made a pot of chicken soup specially
Mend your body
Come and try it
Dad?
Why are you suddenly being so nice to me?
I am your mother
Can I not be nice to you?
Quickly taste it
Wei Wei, you are 22 years old this year
24 years old in two years
That's the old leftover girl no one wants
You delivered the goods two days ago.
The factory manager's son Zhao Du has taken a fancy to you
Say it, as long as you are willing to marry him
What about 500,000 dowry?